Link to finished condepen: https://codepen.io/19jlevitre/pen/oNWMVQg?editors=1100
1

What is Semantic HTML? \
Litterally named tags 
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    the structure of a website
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    it tells us more about the element
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    the header. Use it just once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
input, and select
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
The header
    7. What is an id? 
    and html tag that can only be used once
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    any element
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    once
    10. What is a class? 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    div, span 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    infinite
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    <a href=""></a>
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    to say what the image is if it doesnt load or isnt compatible
    15. How do I reference an id?
    # and the name
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    a div can have a class, a section cannot
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    styling a page
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    Id could be used when something only occurs once ie. a header. A class could be used for any reacurring thing like a section of a page
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .classname
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    it selects the element and all things that are directly effected by it. When you want to effect entire sections of conent. 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    a.sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    they select elements that are being hovered over
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-spacing: ;
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing: ;
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div{
        border: 1px dotted black
    }
    29. How do I select everything on the page?
    * 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /**/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
    pwd 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    -r, because that file will be gone forever
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    in order to keep things that already work, but change things that dont. things olny change if you push the change
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    as often as you make changes, every 20ish minutes
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    fork, clone, change branch name to your own, git add, git commit, git push, checkout -b, comare, make a pull request

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 